[Music]
Proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam
[Music]
Green fields, green mountains, clouds swirling
around, singing,
high-pitched stars, silvery flowers, birdsong of the great forest,
Vietnam, the
Christmas charm, listening to the ocean whispering, our
ancestors, a thousand years of youth,
built a love song, the
golden Vietnamese rose, deeply imprinted across the five continents,
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying out the
light, shining the bridge, proud to be Vietnam,
life, shining the whole world, my friend, let's
hold hands and follow in the footsteps of our ancestors,
building the heroic anthem of Vietnam, according to our
senses, Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam,
proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnam
[Music]
Christmas charm, listening to the ocean whispering,
our ancestors, a thousand years of youth,
built a heroic love song, Vietnam, the
golden bridge, imprinted everywhere,
Vietnamese people, hand in hand, carrying out the
faraway bridge, proud to be Vietnam,
Vietnamese people, hand in hand
Let's hold hands and follow in the
footsteps of our ancestors to
build the Vietnamese epic, following the path of our Vietnamese spirit. Let's
hold hands and follow in the footsteps of our forefathers to build the Vietnamese epic, following the path of our Vietnamese
spirit. Let's
hold hands and follow in the footsteps of our ancestors to build the Vietnamese epic, following the path of our Vietnamese spirit. Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam, proud to be Vietnam, Vietnam. [Music] [Applause]
[Music]